Update Actions Guidance (#4806)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/actions.md

![Screenshot of the Mappings table with several enabled mappings](images/actions-list.png)

> Once an Action is created, it's disabled by default, to ensure that it's only used once fully configured. To begin sending data through an Action, enable it on the Actions page by flipping the toggle so that it appears blue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once an Action is created, it's disabled by default, to ensure that it's only used after being fully configured. To begin sending data through an Action, enable it on the Actions page by selecting the toggle so that it appears blue.
```

> Once an Action is created, it's disabled by default, to ensure that it's only used after being fully configured. To begin sending data through an Action, enable it on the Actions page by selecting the toggle so that it appears blue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an Action is created, it's disabled by default, to ensure that it's only used after being fully configured. To begin sending data through an Action, enable it on the Actions page by selecting the toggle so that it appears blue.
```
